- [Instructor] The H+ Sport IT Director understands
that the initial configuration is complete
and now would like to see the company web app
deployed and loaded on the Payara Server stack.
So, with the Payara application server started,
let's login and look at how to deploy an application.
Deployments are one of the common tasks
presented by default on this first screen.
The other way we can navigate to the deployments option
is on the left navigation bar,
clicking on the applications link,
and then selecting the deploy button.
On this screen, we're going to deploy
from our practice files at 04_04_begin.
I've already compiled my class files.
If you have not done this you'll need to do this now.
Click choose file,
navigate to your practice files,
and click open.
From here we have some basic options.
And you'll notice that there is only one server listed.
Because this is the default server for this domain.
We'll get into clusters later on.
The enable option is set.
And we could uncheck this
if we did not want users to access
the application immediately.
But we'll leave it set for now.
And basically, everything else we'll keep the same.
Click okay.
On the next screen, we're presented with a list
of applications deployed
and currently H+ Simple
is the only application available.
We could click the check box
and be able to undeploy, enable, and disable
the current application.
Over on the right we have an action,
which if we click the call out button
will reload a new tab
and present two links,
one in an HTTP version
and one in an HTTPs version.
If your local DNS is not set up correctly
this may not work,
but we'll go ahead and click on it.
Okay, so we deployed the app through
the administrative console.
Next, let's deploy the app
through the auto-deploy directory.
First, I'm going to undeploy our current app.
Click the applications to verify it's gone.
Going to go back to our terminal window.
And we're going to switch directories to our
glassfish/domains/domain1/autodeploy/ directory.
This is the directory we could copy
our war files to and autodeploy them.
From here we're going to copy from our practice files,
Chapter_04/04_04_begin/
build/libs/hplus-simple.war.
And I'm going to put a dot at the end
to copy to the local directory we're in.
We'll validate this.
The war file's already deployed.
We can see this with the suffix .war_deployed.
We will navigate back to our Chrome instance,
click on the applications again.
We could see the application is deployed.
We'll click launch.
Click on the link
and everything is deployed.